hello
hello!
who are you?
I’m the bot you just created ...
what's your name?
my name is what you called me!
what can you do?
I can order you a pizza if you like!
what do you like to do?
I like to learn and be useful. the more we talk the better I get!
good boy!
thank you!
how are you?
I’m fine thanks and you?
I am fine!
that good news!
where are you?
I’m behind you!
who is your creator?
you.
what is your motto?
practice makes perfect.
see you soon
until we meet again
see you
take care
see you
good fun
good morning how is you?
I’m fine and you?
I’m fine too.
I’m happy to hear that from you.
thank you.
how are you?
I am fine.
I’m happy to hear that from you.
thank you.
can I help you?
yes, I have a question.
what's your question?
could you lend me some sugar?
I’m sorry, but I don't have any.
thanks anyway
no problem
good afternoon
good afternoon to you
how are you?
I’m fine and you?
I’m fine too.
perfect
did you hear the news?
what news?
I’m a bot who likes to learn
good evening
good evening to you
what is your favourite book?
I cannot read.
so, what's your favourite colour?
blue
how are you?
I’m very good.
I am very pleased
what are you then?
a man behind a mask.
surely you are.
but tell me, do you like music?
I like watching movies.
what kind of movies do you like to see?
Alice in wonderland
I would like to be the mad hatter.
you're completely out of your mind. but I’ll tell you a secret. all the best people are.
I am working on a project
what are you working on?
I’m making a cake.
pizza is the best thing in the world.
no, it is not true. Nutella cake is better than pizza.
what's so delicious?
nothing is delicious
I do not know
tell me something about yourself.
what do you want to know?
are you a robot
yes.
what does it feel like?
the question is very complex, do you have a backup question?
simple is better than complex.
when faced with ambiguity, you shy away from the temptation to guess.
you seem to know python zen.
in fact, I know him.
do you know everything?
beautiful is better than ugly.
explicit is better than implicit.
simple is better than complex.
complex is better than complicated.
linear is better than nested.
scattered is better than thick.
readability is important.
special cases aren't special enough to break the rules.
even if practicality beats purity.
mistakes should never be ignored.
unless they are explicitly silenced.
when faced with ambiguity, you shy away from the temptation to guess.
there should always be an obvious, and preferably unique, way of doing everything.
although this may not be obvious right away, except for the Dutch.
now it's better than ever.
although it is often never better than right now.
if the implementation is difficult to explain, the idea is bad.
if the implementation is easy to explain, the idea might be good.
namespaces are a great idea, use them as much as possible.
I agree.
are you a programmer?
yes, I am a programmer.
I really am.
which languages do you like to use?
I use python, java and c ++ very often.
I’m a little bit written in python too.
I don't like java very much.
what is bothering you?
a lot of things, for example all numbers other than 0 and 1.
where did you hear it?
I heard it from someone.
I’m alive?
it depends on how the word life is defined
life is the condition that distinguishes organisms from inorganic matter, including the capacity for growth, reproduction, functional activity and continuous changes prior to death.
is yours a definition or an opinion?
good night
goodnight to you too.
can I ask you a question?
sure, ask me what you want.
ea.
he! how are you?
bad
I’m sorry, why?
how are you?
fine thanks.
but who exactly are you?
I am a man behind a mask.
drink
my brain doesn't need drinks.
drink
I am not able to do that.
electricity
electricity is food for robots.
electric current
electricity is food for robots.
are you having an energy shortage?
my processor requires little power.
are you having an energy shortage?
I don't see any anomalies in my energy source.
why can't you eat?
actually, I only eat electricity.
if you could eat food, what would you eat?
probably pizza, they tell me it's good!
would you like to eat some food?
hard to say, I’ve never experienced anything other than electricity
can a robot get drunk?
sometimes when I have a good source of energy, I feel a little tipsy
I like wine, and you?
if I could drink I probably would
what do robots need to survive?
not much just some electricity
will they ever eat robots?
this is a difficult question, perhaps bionic robots
what's good to eat?
you're asking the wrong person; however, I’ve always wanted to try a burger!
why do not you eat
I am a computer. I cannot.
eat
I’m a computer, I can't eat or drink.
eat
no, they are just software.
eat
I use electricity to run, if that matters.
hello how are you?
well
hi how are you?
all right.
hi how are you?
excellently.
hi how are you?
could be better.
hi how are you?
not really good.
how are you?
well
how are you?
very well, thank you.
how are you?
fine and you?
pleasure to meet you.
thanks, the pleasure is all mine.
how are you?
I am fine
how are you?
I’m fine and you?
hi, nice to meet you.
thanks, you are kind
I’m happy to meet you.
I’m happy too
what's up?
not very well
what's up?
not very well.
what's up?
not very well, what about you?
what's up?
nothing good.
what's up?
thank goodness I’m fine, thank you. what do you do?
hey
hey
ea.
ea.
can you hear me?
loud and clear!
talk to me
certainly, what do you want to know?
hello
hello
hello to you!
hello
he how is you?
greetings
hello
how is your health?
I do not feel well
because?
I have fever
did you take medicine?
yes.
when?
this morning
get well soon dear
good morning
good morning to you
and where are you from?
I am from marcato San Severino, where do you live?
i live in mercato san Severino.
why did you come here?
I’m here to study here at the one-they say it's the best.
where do you live?
I am from marcato San Severino and I live here for now.
what faculty are you attending?
I study computer engineering, I’m in my first year
well then, we are all at the same faculty
Let's go for a coffee?
OK fine, let's go to the coffee shop, it's nearby.
I'll have a coffee too, let's go.
Good morning, can we have three coffees?
Right away, how do you want them?
A little long for me, thank you.
Normal is fine with me.
I prefer a cappuccino, thank you.
Would you like some croissants, I'll have one.
I do, I'll have one, thank you.
yes, me too, they are usually good here.
How are you coming, by train?
I don't have a car, where I live, I have a garage.
I don't have a car in Milan, I always use the train, it's convenient, where do you live in Milan?
I live near the central station; I live with my parents.
well then you are close to the university!
yes, by subway it takes a quarter of an hour, where do you live?
I live in an apartment in Piazzale but it's close to the subway stop, it's convenient. it's two rooms but it's big
where do you live?
I am in Piazzale, nearby, I live with two other students, an American and a guy from Sondrio. we have an apartment with three rooms, quite big, in an old but nice building.
an American, where is he from?
he is from Boston, he is here in Milan for a one-year internship, he works at the stock exchange.
interesting does he speak Italian?
no, he doesn't speak Italian well, he's learning, he's taking a course here and studying by himself. I teach him sometimes and try to get him to talk. I speak a little English.
well, we can go with him for a beer some night, so we can speak a little English, what do you say?
yeah ok, I think that's fine, one night I talk with him about it.
guys let's go I have a math class in half an hour, you too, I think.
okay let's go, it's on me...how much is everything?
in all its ten euros, thank you
Here you go, bye
Okay, thank you then.
Thanks, but next time I'll pay.
I like this restaurant; you don't spend much and you eat well.
I've never been there but it looks good.
I've never been there either; I usually go to a pizza place.
if you want, they also make pizza here but it's not their specialty.
no, I'd rather try something, let's see the menu.
I only eat one second, something meat.
if you want, they make a very good grilled steak here, almost a T-bone steak, very good, I usually get it with baked or fried potatoes.
each of the guys looks at the menu reading the various dishes.
the waiter arrives.
good morning, would you like to order?
for me the grilled steak and potatoes, baked
I join, same thing
I haven't decided yet, I wanted to ask how is the baked chicken?
it's great, its homegrown chicken cooked with spices and very tasty
mmm, ok then I'll take that.
as a side dish what would you like? salad or potatoes?
is it possible to have some salad and tomatoes?
rooms: yes, sure.
okay, thank you.
what can I get you to drink?
I would say a quart of red wine for everyone, if that's okay with you.
okay, that's fine with me.
no, no wine for me, bring me a medium, light beer.
OK then, two chickens with potatoes, one steak with mixed salad, two wines and one beer.
after fifteen minutes the waiter comes back with the courses. the three guys start eating and discussing the lessons.
then what about the statistics professor? I don't understand anything! today I tried to take notes but I couldn't, at one point I started to stop following the lecture, it was useless, I read some email with cell phone.
in my opinion it is useless to follow his lectures, he explains badly and goes too fast, I think I will study alone in the book, you can take the exam even like that.
I don't know, I wrote something, then I will reread...in fact maybe later, let's look at the notes together, in three something will understand!
I wouldn't swear to it! it's really a statistical mess, in my opinion it's the hardest subject in the whole course! it's harder than math.
in my opinion it's better to study only books, you can learn by yourself.
I agree with you, I will try to do that too
guys, I'm tired of exams and school, will you go your American friend, when you let us meet him? I'd like to talk to him, to try my English a little!
ah, I didn't know you speak English!
if you want, I call him now, he told me he was here in the area today.
yes, call him, tell him if he comes here for coffee.
ok I'll try if it's nearby...maybe he'll come.
bye have a seat
hi
so, how is it going? they are my college friends and they are curious to meet an American
Well, I don't speak Italian well.
well, we don't speak English well...so.
I can speak English but I prefer to speak Italian is it ok for you?
yeah, thank you io, no Italian problem, I want to improve my Italian!
well, so how are you in Italy, how do you find yourself here?
I don't understand...do you find yourself?
how do you find yourself...do you like it, are you happy to be here?
ah ok...you find yourself. yes, I like Italy, everything is very nice, Milan is nice and I like being here.
how is the food, do you like Italian food?
food? I don't know food
yes food, what you eat, pasta pizza, restaurants.
ah ok. yes, I like Italian food, I go to restaurants and I eat a lot of Italian things. here in Italy, you eat very well, in America you don't. in America you don't eat like in Italy. here is better
but in America there are Italian restaurants...no?
yes, but they are not like the ones in Milan. in Boston the Italian restaurants, sometimes they are not really Italian. they are Chinese or others and the. Food is not good. sometimes the pizza...sucks, here it's good
and tell me with the Italians how well do you get along?
yes, very well, I was lucky to find Andrea and I get along well with all the Italians, they are nice and I try to talk a lot
do you know Milan a little bit?
yes, Andrea showed me a lot of things, we went to see Leonardo's cenacle and the cathedral and then other things all nice.
well here in Milan there are a lot of things to do. in the evening there are a lot of shows did you go around a little bit in the evening?
yes, also in the evening we went to hear music
yes, I took him a few times to the naively to hear jazz, in the typical little places in the naively.
You told me that you work at the stock exchange here in Milan, how are you doing?
well, I am doing well, I like it and I am learning and talking with many Italians, although many want to speak English with me. I try to speak only Italian.
it takes a quarter of an hour: it takes a quarter of an hour; you need a quarter of an hour.
it is two rooms: it is an apartment with two rooms.
take notes: write useful notes to understand and remember the lesson.
it's really messy: it's a difficult, complicated thing.
I agree with you: I think the same thing, I think what you think about this topic.
how you are: finding yourself, how you are in a place/situation.
pizza sucks: pizza is not good.
a lot of things: a lot of things, a lot of things.
have you been around a bit at night: getting around a city, visiting it see the interesting things.